# Meeting Minutes

**Date: 11/18/2025**

## Agenda

- Review current patterns and pending pull request to fill for key notion and relation gaps.

## Notes

- Went over Category and Object PR, approved with action item
- Went over Role Pattern PR
  - Issues with "specific context" verbiage. Ontology will be modifiable in future, don't use "specific Task context".
  - Added specificity to the "specific context" remark
  - Got rid of RoleParticipation because it is not relevant to the current use case (will be relevant to future cases)
  - Discussion between use of Category and RoleCategory for the relationship Role --(assumesRoleCategory)-> RoleCategory, should Role point to RoleCategory or Category?
    - Decided to stick with Role --(assumesRoleCategory)-> RoleCategory, because Role can only assume a RoleCategory subclass/type.
    - Schema diagrams are supposed to be human-readable, so this is giving needed specificity.
    - In the case of Role --(assimilatesArchetype)-> Archetype, Role can assume different subclasses of Archetype. So Role --(assimilatesArchetype)-> Archetype, and Role --(assumesRoleCategory)-> RoleCategory
- Event will be included as a Stub, Event rationale in key notions will be edited to reflect this.
- Discussing Schema Design
- Discussed proper usage of GitHub

## Action Items

- Add CategoryType Key Notion with examples (Shreyas)
- Remove RoleParticipation from Goal/Task pattern (Chris)
- Editing rationale for Event in Key Notions. (Susan)
- Axioms and full schema need to be done (All)

## Contributors/Signatures

- Shreyas Casturi
- Michael McCain (1:53 pm)
